Updating hyperlinks in kube preq (#211)
OpenLiberty/guides-common: kube-prereq.adoc

Before you begin, make sure to have the following tools installed:

First, you will need a containerization software for building containers. {kube} supports a variety

> of container types. You will use `Docker` in this guide. For installation instructions, see the https://docs.docker.com/install/[official Docker Page].

Reviewer: "Page" sounds a bit off, it's not very specific.

```suggestion
 of container types. You will use `Docker` in this guide. For installation instructions, refer to the https://docs.docker.com/install/[official Docker documentation].
```

****
[system]#*{win} | {mac}*#

Use Docker Desktop, where a local {kube} environment is pre-installed and enabled. If you do not see the {kube} tab then you have an older version of Docker Desktop; upgrade to the latest version.

- Set up Docker for Windows as described at https://docs.docker.com/docker-for-windows/#kubernetes[Docker for Windows].
- Set up Docker for Mac as described at https://docs.docker.com/docker-for-mac/#kubernetes[Docker for Mac].
- After following one of the sets of instructions, ensure that {kube} (not Swarm) is selected as the orchestrator in Docker Preferences.

[system]#*{linux}*#

You will use `Minikube` as a single-node {kube} cluster that runs locally in a virtual machine.

> For Minikube installation instructions see the https://github.com/kubernetes/minikube[minikube installation instructions]. Make sure to read the "Requirements" section as different operating systems require different prerequisites to get Minikube running.

Reviewer: Change the link to point directly to the installation instructions `https://github.com/kubernetes/minikube#installation`. Hyperlink `Requirements` as well: `https://github.com/kubernetes/minikube#requirements`.
